# Pymaceuticals Inc.
In this study, data from an animal study was used to evaluate the performance of Capomulin against SCC tumors, and compared to other treatment regimens. Some of the highlights are listed below.
- A total of 249 mice were included in the experiments, and results from one was dropped due to incomplete data. The gender distribution of mice was almost 50% to 50% (see pie chart in line 28). Data from a similar number of time points were collected for all treatments, from about 148 for Propriva to 230 for Capomulin. 
- Among four drug regimes of interest (Capolumin, Ramicane, Infubinol, and Ceftamin), the lowest values for final tumor volume (in mm3) were observed for mice that received treatment with Capomulin and Ramicane, with average volume of 36.7 and 36.2mm3, respectively (see boxplot in line 39). Mice treated with Infubinol and Ceftamin showed the largest final tumor volumes, with an average of 58.2 and 57.6mm3, respectively. The differences between these two pairs of treatments were statistically significant.
- In general, the tumor volume of mice treated with Capomulin tended to decrease with time, as the chart in line 40 shows. However, an initial increased was observed in the second time point, probably as the treatment built up in the mice system.
- The average tumor volume of mice treated with Capolumin displayed a high positive correlation of 0.84 with the mouase weight (see scatterplot on line 42).     
Please see pymaceuticals.ipynb file with the code, analysis, tables and charts generated.